ANSI 301 Update: Correct the airtightness used for infiltration rate calculation (#774)
NREL/OpenStudio-ERI: Changelog.md

  - **Breaking change**: Output directories and files have been reorganized/renamed (output file contents are not changed in any way). 
- Allows specifying the number of parallel processors to use for simulations with `-n <NUM>` or `--num-proc <NUM>`.

__Bugfixes__

> - Fixes that when Aext < 0.5 and the mechanical ventilation system is exhaust-only, the airtightness used for infiltration rate calculation is based on test results but not less than 0.3 ACHnatural.

Reviewer: Kind of hard to understand. How about something simpler like this:

```suggestion
- Fixes modeling of 0.3 ACHnatural infiltration minimum for MF dwelling units where Aext < 0.5 and the mechanical ventilation system is solely exhaust-only.
```
